Add sleep command and sleep list feature to Developers Guide (#359)
AY2324S1-CS2113-T17-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

5. **Result Display**: A message is returned post-execution and passed through AthletiCLI to the UI for display to the user.

> In particular to demonstrate all parser classes, the following sequence diagram shows how the 'edit-sleep' command works:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In particular to demonstrate all parser classes, the following sequence diagram shows how the `edit-sleep` command works:
```

Author: apologies just restored the misc commands
